README.md, before:

## Mateo_Brown_Pet_App

### App Description

This is an app created for the IOS-Development course instructed by CodePath. At the top of the app is my current university, University of Maryland - College Park. Below that, the user can enter their first, last, and school name. Afterwards, they may enter the number of pets they own and their desire for more pets. Last, an alert will apear on their screen with all of their information. 

### App Walk-though

`file:///Users/teobrown/Downloads/MateoIntroductionApp.gif

<!-- <img src="YOUR_GIF_URL_HERE" width=200><br> OR <img src="YOUR_GIF_PATH" width=200><br> -->

`TODO://` In the Features section below, add an `x` between the `-[ ]` like this `- [x]` for any features you complete. (☝️ Remove this paragraph after after checking off user stories)

### Required Features

- [x] 1. App displays an image of a school's logo
- [x] 2. App has three textfields for first, last, and school names
- [x] 3. App has a segmented control that changes student year
- [x] 4. Number of pet matches label is increased/decreased by stepper
- [x] 5. Switch makes a statement about wanting more pets or not(true/false) 
- [x] 6. Introduce yourself button shows alert box with an introduciton and dismiss button

### Optional Features

- [ ] 1. User can tap a button to change the color of the background view
- [ ] 3. User can select on additional buttons that provide more info about the user. Example: more textfields, a different alert box, etc.
- [ ] 4. Any stylistic changes that are not default options (Comment this here)

Commit message:

adding GIF to image tag

README.md, after:

## Mateo_Brown_Pet_App

### App Description

This is an app created for the IOS-Development course instructed by CodePath. At the top of the app is my current university, University of Maryland - College Park. Below that, the user can enter their first, last, and school name. Afterwards, they may enter the number of pets they own and their desire for more pets. Last, an alert will apear on their screen with all of their information. 

### App Walk-though

`TODO://` Add the URL to your animated app walk-though `gif` in the image tag below. Make sure the gif actually renders and animates when viewing this README. (☝️ Remove this paragraph after after adding gif). LICEcap is a great tool for recording and you can simply upload the gif to GitHub and provide the path name in place of URL as shown below.

<img src="YOUR_GIF_URL_HERE" width=200><br> OR <img src="file:///Users/teobrown/Downloads/MateoIntroductionApp.gif" width=200><br> 

`TODO://` In the Features section below, add an `x` between the `-[ ]` like this `- [x]` for any features you complete. (☝️ Remove this paragraph after after checking off user stories)

### Required Features

- [x] 1. App displays an image of a school's logo
- [x] 2. App has three textfields for first, last, and school names
- [x] 3. App has a segmented control that changes student year
- [x] 4. Number of pet matches label is increased/decreased by stepper
- [x] 5. Switch makes a statement about wanting more pets or not(true/false) 
- [x] 6. Introduce yourself button shows alert box with an introduciton and dismiss button

### Optional Features

- [ ] 1. User can tap a button to change the color of the background view
- [ ] 3. User can select on additional buttons that provide more info about the user. Example: more textfields, a different alert box, etc.
- [ ] 4. Any stylistic changes that are not default options (Comment this here)
